The goal of Signals and Actions are to simplify connections across a piece of
software; is should be especially useful when the components that interact vary
due to either lots of configuration options or plug-ins.

NOTE: This is an implementation of the Observer design pattern.

Components trigger signals at appropriate times.  For example, Organisms might
trigger a signal when they reproduce, or a Population might trigger one when a
new generation begins.

Actions can be linked to signals, so the an appropriate event occurs.  When an
organism reproduces, we might want to track it's lineage, or trigger some
mutations.  At a new generation, we might want to collect extra statistics.

Signals and actions can be associated with names, and a signal manager
simplifies linking them together.  In the end, a signal consists of a vector
of actions, which themselves are just function points.  Both signals and
actions are templated so that specific arguments can be passed if desired.

If a signal is triggered and no actions are associated with it, only a single
test is done, so this should be faster than the long list of if-statements that
were previously used to allow dynamic configurations.

Since each action goes through a function pointer, there is an extra level of
redirection when they are called, but that should be a negligible slowdown.


The challenge lies in the questions:
1. Where do we put the signals?
2. How do we name the signals appropriately to be able to hook up actions.

For Q1, I see three options:
1a: Put signals statically affected classes. (e.g., in emp::Organism)
    Pros: Low memory footprint, easy to access.
    Cons: Any signal MUST affect all objects within the class.
1b: Put signals into each object (e.g., in each individual organism)
    Pros: Very flexible.
    Cons: Annoying to initialize; takes up more space.
1c: Put signals into container objects (e.g., in Population)
    Pros: Selectively flexible
    Const: internal object need a way to link back to container; possibly pointer.


The answer to Q1 heavily impacts Q2.  If we go with 1a, then we can simply name
signals like "org_repro" or "org_mutate" and there's only one option.  If we go
with 1b, we need a unique name for every signal (or some dynamic way of setting
them up, which limits the power of signals.  In the end, both 1a and 1b have
sufficiently large negatives that 1c is probably the way to go.

For 1c, it seems the the best naming scheme is to make sure that each container
object has its own name.  Since the signal names can be any legal string, this
freedom would allow us to use names like "my_pop" for a population, and
then "my_pop:org_repro" for that population's specific instance of repro.  We
can even have faux namespaces.  For example, we could auto-generate names for
signals in emp::web::Button using the button name.  Like "emp:web:Button:Quit"
(or we could do other types of separators like "::" or ".")
